# Task Master Write Up

Task Master is a simple to-do-list with added random generated ticket website. This web is using vanilla javascript, html, and css.
For every task object there is Ticket-Id, Title, Due-Date, Priority, Completion and Description property. The data for this website to store on localStorage so user can visit data again on local device as long as user not clearing all task on website.

## Feature
- This to-do-list can auto-generated random `ticket-id` on form using `# + Math.Random() * 100000` to generate 5 digit random number and hashtag (#) in the beginning. This value is readonly so it cannot be modified.
- Display task can also use filter, by default it is showing all task, but it can also showing only incompleted task, or completed task based on completion value on each task.
- Clear all button on top of display task is used for clearing all task on localStorage and also clear all task on display 


## Class
Im using class name `Task` to make instance for task of object that i use. There is also second class called `ToDoList`. `ToDoList` is used for incoporate functions for this website like clear form, autogenerated-ticket, clear ticket form, and functions for store data in localStorage.

## Switch statement
Swith statement used on `showTask(status)` function for the logic when select 3 mode of task to display. It can be show `All Task`, `Incompleted Task`, or `Completed Task`. This function then update the task that displayed on task list based on that parameter.

## Try-Catch-Finally
Try-Catch-Finally code block is used `submitBtn` click event listener. This function is used for submit new task after filling up form-input. The `try-catch-finally` code is first using `try` to store newTask to localStorage and clearing form after submit, then the `catch` code block is use for handle exception/ error then if there is error it trigger alert contain the error. Lastly the `finally` code block is confirmed with alert that Ticket form is cleared and then trigger `showTask()` function to update task-list on display. 